blond child with dirty face holding yellow bottle with red cap , plants in background .
a blond girl sits with her instrument looking off in the distance .
two kids wakeboarding simultaneously decide to signal for a high-five .
two soccer players , one from a team wearing red and the other wearing white , are both going for the soccer ball , while people on the bleachers watch .
two men , one standing and one on a bicycle are talking outside a building .
a person wearing a hat and carrying a knapsack walks uphill on a sand dune under a dark , cloudy sky and leaves the only visible footprints behind .
some children are playing on a trampoline , a boy in a red shirt is covering his face as he cries .
four men and women in blue aprons strand in front of a table where there are many white plates and small blue bowls .
young men and women sit at a wooden table on which several partially-drunk beverages have been placed ; the picture is interrupted by an outstretched hand , colored green in the odd light of the wood-paneled interior .
a drayton manor theme park roller coaster is shown accelerating downwards vertically on a red colored track with several visible people making either happy , excited or scared faces .
four men , two of them with guitars , perform on a stage while several people with their hands in the air watch .
a boy is standing on a sidewalk with his bike .
a scuba diver who has descended to the bottom of the ocean floor reaches out to pet a large sea turtle .
the dog is sitting on the side of the hill .
a man wearing dark clothing is talk to a young boy while they are walking down the sidewalk .
a man 's pants are falling down as he throws crates into a dumpster .
three street musicians wearing brown coats play the drums and trumpet in front of a store .
various vendors selling produce in an eastern outdoor market .
a woman in a red jacket stands on the beach facing the water as it covers her feet .
one man in a brown coat steadying a cart with two boxes of fruit while trying to retrieve a pear that fell on the bumpy pavement made of brick .
a female street vendor is standing inside her kiosks which appears to sell a variety of foreign and handmade snacks .
a man running in a marathon runs past <number> bagpipe players , and a drummer , all wearing a uniform
man in boat wearing athletic shorts , a backwards baseball cap and sunglasses unhooks a fish he has caught while fishing .
a man in a green tank top wearing a rabbits foot around his neck sits on a small sofa with the window open revealing a man in a white shirt on the other side of the window .
one dog climbing on the back of another dog in the snow .
man playing musical instrument standing beside a yellow and red fire hydrant
