several men in hard hats are operating a giant pulley system .
a man with black hair sits in a restaurant with a glass of beer .
man wearing a blue and white outfit , holding a broom , with a traditional asian architecture in the background .
a person in tan pants is inside a silver mobile object while people watch .
a man in black approaches a strange silver object containing a person , while many onlookers observe from behind a roped off barrier .
white dog with brown ears standing near water with head turned to one side .
two people are demonstrating martial arts to a crowd and jumping over three youngsters who are crouched on the mat .
a mottled black and gray dog in a blue collar jumping over a fallen tree .
man on scooter attracts attention from some of those in large crowd .
a group of people stand in the back of a truck filled with cotton .
large brown dog running away from the sprinkler in the grass .
a man and a little girl happily posing in front of their cart in a supermarket .
two young men and a young lady walk through a field near the water .
five snowmobile riders all wearing helmets and goggles line up in a snowy clearing in a forest in front of their snowmobiles ; they are all wearing black snow pants and from left to right they are wearing a black coat , white coat , red coat , blue coat , and black coat .
two men , one younger guy with a yellow shirt that has luggage and the other and older guy , are sitting on a bench in front of a large building that has a billboard for glasses and sunglasses .
the man with the backpack is sitting in a buildings courtyard in front of an art sculpture reading .
a toddler in a blue shirt with red shorts and hat looks out from behind a fenced in area of a brick patio .
a small boy putting something in his mouth with both hands .
a person in a green outfit and helmet is swinging a baseball bat at a tennis ball in front of a fence .
a man in a green shirt and red life jacket is sitting in a canoe drifting around the lake .
someone is standing on a long bridge with a cloudy blue sky in the background .
this little baby girl dressed whimsically in striped pantaloons is pictured so that one must ask which is bigger , her feet or her sleepy smile .
two separate women , one wearing a white top and black pants , the other wearing all black and a pair of pink flip-flops , kneel on a gray brick sidewalk path in front of green and red bushes .
a young girl wearing a multicolored holding an orange ball in her right hand walking through bright green grass behind a house
several people jogging outside on a sunny day in what seems to be a neighborhood , could be part of a marathon .
pink shirted woman sleeping in a car with blue and white blanket on her .
firefighters converse with a man at the scene of an emergency .
a man is kneeling down with a child on a beach where bright blue and red boats are stationed in the background .
a large earth moving machine creating a track with a man watching it closely with what looks like surveying equipment .
kids riding on their bicycles near a mound of dirt with a hovel from a backhoe in front of the mound .
a man in an all black outfit just threw a bowling ball down a lane towards the center of the bowling pins .
a little boy rides a bike down a hill on a miniature dirt bike .
a large group of people traveling down a countryside road in the back of a small pickup truck while one person is walking along side the truck .
a male volleyball player in red trunks tries to block the shot of the opposing player during a professional volleyball game .
a man kneels on the ground doing some sort of project on his own .
a woman in a yellow shirt and green shorts is climbing an artificial red wall whilst wearing a safety harness .
a girl sitting on the steps of a building wearing a green short-sleeve shirt , blue jeans , flip-flops holding a cup and writing in a journal with her purse sitting at her feet .
a woman dressed in a blue jacket and blue jeans rides a brown horse near a frozen lake and snow-covered mountain .
a person climbs a tall , flat mountain while holding onto a safety rope .
a group of hikers are resting on the ground in front of some mountains .
a group of african american children with their arms above their heads and happy expressions on their faces .
a young black person wearing a green shirt and a jacket using a sewing machine .
a woman smiles while holding several green peppers at a grocery stand .
a young boy is jumping through water being sprayed up from the ground .
a yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt .
three people on atvs in a brown field turn their heads to look at the camera .
a person dressed in a tan jacket jumps a quad over a harvested cornfield in front of a small out building .
three men are riding on an elephant with a shack in the background and two of them are wearing hats .
a young boy , wearing goggles and a heads-up light , and a young girl , are smiling .
a couple is sitting on the sand with their feet in the water , and they are shaking hands .
a boy wearing a white t-shirt walks on the grass and carries a soccer ball .
a man in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a road around a sharp curve .
two men pushing wheelbarrows , two men looking at them , they are in the desert near some block construction buildings .
a small child and an adult walk on the beach in front of ocean waves .
older man in a hat , yellow shirt and dress slacks playing in the sand with a young boy .
two asian men are riding on a motorcycle in the midst of a crowd full of other motorcycle riders .
people are eating in a cafeteria with a wood beam and glass ceiling .
a man is crossing the street and in the distance you can see a building under construction .
a young girl does a handstand on a bed with blue sheets .
two girls with purple hair and a short-haired woman are smiling .
a man in a business suit talking on the phone and carrying a briefcase walking by a mirrored building .
a brown dog swims through water outdoors with a tennis ball in its mouth .
the little boy , in a short-sleeved shirt and shorts , is running outside .
a young man holds up a piece of wood and a chainsaw as presses a cigarette between his lips .
a man in a white shirt lays cement on a brick wall .
a man in a brown uniform reaching out from an industrial doorway , as if he is going to shut the door .
a girl holding a drink with a straw in it standing in front of a man kissing her on the cheek as she smiles .
a group of people gather in a bar , and one man in a black shirt holds his arm and signals to the camera .
odd looking young adult playing around a large tree that has big roots .
a young girl with glasses is kneeling on a stone ledge in front of a mud-filled bucket .
a young man wearing a baseball cap brushes at the base of a statue of jesus christ , during the day .
a construction worker in jeans is standing on a scaffold holding on to a metal frame with a city backdrop .
five asian doctors in green hospital scrubs and masks having a discussion over what appears to be an ongoing operation .
a young girl wears a shirt and shorts as she plays in the ocean 's surf .
a young girl wearing a blue shirt marching in a band playing a trumpet
a man in a baseball cap cleans out a blue colored pit outside where colorful christmas lights hang above him .
a barefoot young girl in a pink gown is asleep on a hard wood floor cuddling her baby doll .
blond woman driving a red bicycle carriage holds the tip of her hat and poses for the camera with a customer seated in the back .
a man in a red shirt and glasses is bending down towards a small dog on a blanket with several stuffed animals .
an elderly woman sits in a chair with a book and smiles at the pretty flowers in her room .
a young man demonstrating his prowess in the martial arts for his girlfriend as she sits on a concrete wall that is part of a general seating area .
a man standing in a bar with a neon beer sign hanging on the wall
closeup of man with glasses blowing a bubble gum bubble in a dimly lit room with a faint ceiling light in the background .
a mac laptop , open , on top of a blue chair in a room with a group of people sitting in a semicircle around it .
a small boy smiles as he stands with others wearing the same black hats .
a family coming back from shopping and a gentlemen is reading his newspaper to the side of the street .
two soccer players , one wearing a white uniform and the other in red , try to reach the soccer ball first .
a man in a white shirt with hot pads on is holding a tray with a variety of breads with a wooden fence behind him .
a young boy , wearing shorts and a red tank top , is sliding down a mountain of snow , riding a board on his belly .
a man with a determined look on his face holds a small wooden hammer while wearing a bib displaying a large red crab , another red crustacean held in his hand while another man sits and holds some food behind him .
a man in a black shirt and jeans walks beside a woman in black pants and a flowery shirt in front of a refreshment stand with others walking nearby .
a crowd of people are sitting on a bench beside a white statue of a man 's head in a park like setting while four pigeons look on .
a man in a striped red polo shirt , tan khakis , and a nike visor is surrounded by a crowd of onlookers as he finishes a golf swing .
some people with black belts , or black and red belts , are performing martial arts on a green mat .
a man in some sort of establishment , smiling while he is taking off or putting on glasses .
five adults are playing cards while sitting outside at a picnic table in their backyard .
two young girls are playing and laughing in a green grassy yard .
a group of people in a coffee shop at night have coffee and juice together .
a lady wearing a green shirt stands on the window seal of a brick building as a young boy watches on .
