a lady wearing a green shirt stands on the window seal of a brick building as a young boy watches on .
an asian family is picnicking at the beach while others play in the water .
a dog is wearing a red number <number> and running through a field of green grass while being chased by a bird .
a group of <number> smiling kids and young teens are divided into two groups , in a large , indoor swimming pool , with the back person in each group holding their arms up .
six people ride mountain bikes through a jungle environment .
a girl wearing a pink shirt and overalls is smiling and there is another child that is out of focus .
a small child in water with a splash encircling him while the white clouds float over the mountains .
two young boys in swimming trunks are in the water looking at each other .
three children are playing outdoors , two of them on a metal barrel swing .
there are about a dozen of men in work clothes that are getting directions for a task .
three dogs on the beach , one has it 's mouth open .
a young musician playing a small guitar and singing , while sitting in a white plastic chair .
the girl with the long brown hair and bangs in her face is holding her hand to her chest .
a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth .
bald man in what looks like to be a lab with a lady watching as he is mixing some liquids in clear cup containers
a young bearded man in a gray hooded sweatshirt stirs a pot with a wooden spoon .
a woman wearing a blue sweater sits at a table with a colorful tablecloth and clasps her hands together .
woman adjusting her boot near a large crowd of people at an outdoor event .
a casually dressed man has several flutes into which he is pouring champagne .
a boy in a gray hooded sweater , looking at a school of fish at an aquarium .
crosscountry skiers are traveling towards the mountains at sunset .
the person towards the right is wearing riot uniform while people seem to be filing out .
a tall gray pole behind which a person wearing an orange shirt is perched on the wall and hiding his or her face with one hand .
a man in traditional orthodox jewish dress is seen alone from behind .
an african child attempts a headstand on the front of a boat painted blue and white in water next to a field of crops .
some young men looking over the edge of a bridge on a sunny day .
there are several people and children looking into water with a blue tiled floor and goldfish .
there is a man wearing construction gear , standing next to a bulldozer that is picking up rubble and debris .
two people with helmets are riding bikes in front of a building .
a couple enjoy a beautiful day bicycling on a bike trail wearing bicycling safety helmets and gloves .
two little boys in yellow shirts are walking in grass and looking behind them .
a young girl in a black shirt and a blue helmet is sitting on a quad , or four wheeler , with her right hand on the handlebars .
two little blond girls in helmets are sitting on a red atv .
a husky dog wearing green straps is turning its head away from the object in front of it .
a cartoon cutout of snow white is standing in front of a store display window while a woman in a large hat is standing cross legged at the door .
five sled dogs are pulling a person on a sled , through the snow .
a lady standing wearing black and has a black mohawk has her arm around a guy with a brown bucket hat , green cargo pants and black shirt .
a dog takes a leap of faith as he jumps into a pool to grab an orange toy .
a man and a woman are at a beach with other people nearby , and the woman is touching the man 's face .
a young child in pink is pushing downed leaves as grass into a pile .
woman in a green and white striped shit lying in a chair with a yellow bag , holding a folded piece of paper .
a female swimmer in a black bathing suit about to jump off the racing platform into a pool .
two swimmers race in a pool with a red line between them .
a man in a dirty hat and sweater works on a remodeling project .
a man dressed in white overalls with a red cap , juggling a green ball and flaming torch , in front of a crowd of onlookers .
a woman drinking an iced beverage through a straw in a dimly lit room .
a man carrying a musical instrument and wearing a gray jacket , purple hat and purple scarf examines some money as he stands near a worn utility pole .
a female harp player peers through the middle of her instrument while performing .
a child in a black cape is being chased by other children .
a man sitting at a table wears a red sweater while two glasses of water rest on the table ; one glass is half empty .
a man is standing in a forest practicing a martial art .
