a person drives around a futuristic looking vehicle while a man approaches and a crowd watches .
a brown dog running
a child in a dress runs with a miniature orange soccer ball .
a woman sleeps
a man is kneeling down with a child 
men playing volleyball
a little boy playing.
a blond dog and a black and white dog run
a person dressed in a tan jacket jumps a quad over a harvested cornfield
girl wearing blue shirt and black shorts plays trumped .
Kids play
a woman is drinking a beverage 
three children are playing .
two children swing from a swing made from a steel drum .
Person leaning
two swimmers race with a red line .
an older couple passes by a young lady
three children are practicing martial arts.
a lady with short hair wearing a black jacket leaned .
a man perched is using a net to scoop a fish from another aquarium .
a dark-haired man is speaking into a microphone while another man is sitting .
people pass each other while talking on their cellphones .
person with two ski poles skiing down .
a man in a blue swimsuit and a red beanie kneels making a sand castle that is as tall as he is when he is kneeling .
a black dog runs with his mouth open
decorated limo passing by elderly woman waiting on park bench .
three people in various stages of swimming strokes race 
one dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks
a motorcyclist on a red speed bike leans .
a man is sitting playing drums on buckets .
a lively adult karate practice 
a red dog jumps to catch a tennis ball .
The brown dog catches a ball.
the little girl swings.
four young adults sit
a woman is having her foot examined by another woman 
a woman is holding a baby while another child stands .
a gray dog is jumping toward a black and white dog.
a black and white dog runs.
a dark-haired dark-skinned child sleeps while holding a blue zippered pack .
a man in a black shirt sitting 
a man grilling
a person wearing a construction uniform is leaning.
a man is rowing a canoe.
a man in red shirt wearing sunglasses is leaning
a handicapped person with one leg skiing down with other mountains .
a woman is selling vegetables .
two people are jumping with snow .
vendors are selling fruits and vegetables
a man rows his boat .
a terrier mix catches a frisbee.
"a man in a white polo shirt speaks with a sign that reads , "" truth ! """
two young people riding skateboards pass by in the street as a black dog on a red leash stops and squats down.
crowd waiting for a train .
four women are singing .
two men drink beer .
two women in white lab coats examine a dyed area using a projector .
two rows of dance students are practicing ballet moves against a pole.
white and black dog jumping over red-haired dog .
a smiling child wearing a hat and sunglasses sits.
a woman is using a ruler to mark a sheet of paper .
two dogs are catching blue frisbees.
a man is singing.
three young women and one young man singing.
a group of men in golden shirts singing.
"a man wearing jeans , polo shirt and a baseball cap , fork , is grilling meat ."
vendors sell products.
people examine books.
a woman sits while putting a shoe onto her right foot .
several people sit 
two girls are in a race .
an orchestra of about <number> people are practicing 
the man in the red shirt and flowery tie is sitting.
muzzled greyhounds are racing.
little girl skis.
"two girls , both dressed in pink , swinging on sunlight day with the trees casting random shadows on the remainder of the park like setting ."
a teenager drinks directly out of the metal milkshake serving cup .
a man is enjoying meal and drink .
a man drives a truck while a child sits and steers .
an asian man sells a hot confection.
a man singing.
people are rowing a boat .
a man sleeps while listening to his ipod.
a greyhound races.
a man and a woman are examining produce.
a man in a yellow jacket is skiing.
a man driving a small golf cart with a crowd watching.
group of women doing a presentation .
two dogs are nose to nose while a third dog stands .
man with gray hair wearing a suit is waiting.
two men on motorcycles are driving down .
a runner in black is passing a florist shop .
"a crowd waits, ready to board ."
brown dog catches a pink ball.
two people are sleeping .
two guys are rowing a canoe.
"a man driving a small , open vehicle with a green sign ."
three women and a man are drinking beer .
a man wearing yellow swimming trunks kneeling
a man with red pants is skiing .
a spotted dog catching a ball.
a chef speaks into a microphone about a mixed salad contained .
a woman is laying down laughing .
three women speak to each other.
dancers practicing their dance routines .
two furry light brown dogs lying.
a dog wearing a t-shirt is lying.
a man is giving a presentation.
all these people are enjoying a dance party .
a young boy wearing a dark blue hat sleeps.
an old woman is selling produce.
"a ruddy infant lies with his eyes closed , his mouth open , and his arm extended ."
a man in a white shirt uses a blackboard as others sit watching .
a man rowing.
a korean woman is enjoying a meal.
a man grilling meat.
two girls and three boys are presenting.
asian students are examining sheets of paper while standing .
a man in a dark shirt is making a presentation.
four people in black shirts giving a presentation to a room full of people using a big projector image .
two women in black enjoying a lunch.
a boy and girl child swing together .
an older man and women are using computers.
three girls or friends having drinks laughing .
a well dressed young woman waits for the train while a man busy writing something .
buff african american man waits for subway.
a man in a suit and tie is speaking.
"people swing on a red , metal amusement park ride."
a man is using his computer while seated.
a man and woman enjoying dinner.
a group of people lie close together.
"an impoverished person , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes , is kneeling down ."
a woman with a peace symbol grills vegetables
a man grilling three pieces of salmon.
