a person drives around a futuristic looking vehicle while a man approaches her and a crowd watches .
a brown dog running on a lawn near a garden hose
a child in a dress runs through the yard with a miniature orange soccer ball in her hand .
a woman sleeps under a blue and white blanket in a car .
a man is kneeling down with a child on a beach where bright blue and red boats are stationed in the background .
men playing volleyball in the sand .
a little boy playing in the water .
a blond dog and a black and white dog run in a dirt field .
a person dressed in a tan jacket jumps a quad over a harvested cornfield in front of a small out building .
girl wearing blue shirt and black shorts plays trumped outside .
kids play around a statue bust outside .
a woman is drinking a beverage in a busy cafe .
"three children are playing outdoors , two of them on a metal barrel swing ."
two children swing in dusty rooftop from a swing made from a steel drum .
"person leaning against the wall , next to a life size cartoon cut out ."
two swimmers race in a pool with a red line between them .
an older couple passes by a young lady on the sidewalk .
three children are practicing martial arts in a gym .
a lady with short hair wearing a black jacket leaned against a lamp post outside a building .
a man perched on a row of aquariums is using a net to scoop a fish from another aquarium .
a dark-haired man is speaking into a microphone while another man is sitting beside him .
people pass each other on a busy city street while talking on their cellphones .
person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill .
"a man in a blue swimsuit and a red beanie kneels in the wet sand on the edge of a beach , making a sand castle that is as tall as he is when he is kneeling ."
a black dog runs on green grass with its mouth open .
decorated limo passing by elderly woman waiting on park bench in chinese street .
three people in various stages of swimming strokes race along colorful lane markers .
one dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away .
a motorcyclist on a red speed bike leans into a sharp turn .
a man is sitting on the street playing drums on buckets .
a lively adult karate practice at the dojo .
a red dog jumps to catch a tennis ball in the dry tall grass .
the brown dog catches a ball in the air .
the little girl swings in the backyard .
"four young adults sit outside on a wooden deck near a building around a small round table , while another person stands on the edge of the deck , leaning on the wooden railing , with the sun shining on one of them and the rest of them are in the shade , two of them crossing their legs , one holding a cellphone out in front of himself and another holding a green and red soda can ."
a woman is having her foot examined by another woman in a run-down building .
a woman is holding a baby while another child stands by her side .
a gray dog is jumping toward a black and white dog in the snow .
a black and white dog runs beside a brown dog in a green field .
a dark-haired dark-skinned child sleeps in a chair while holding a blue zippered pack .
a man in a black shirt sitting next to a older women in a pink jacket on a train .
a man grilling outside his house .
a person wearing a construction uniform is leaning against a traffic light pole on the sidewalk .
a man is rowing a canoe on a lake .
a man in red shirt wearing sunglasses is leaning on the wall
a handicapped person with one leg skiing down a mountain with other mountains in the background .
a woman is selling vegetables on the street .
two people are jumping on the side of a road with snow in the background .
street vendors are selling fruits and vegetables in a stand and in large baskets on the ground .
a man rows his boat below .
a terrier mix catches a frisbee in the air .
"a man in a white polo shirt speaks into a microphone with a sign behind him that reads , "" truth ! """
two young people riding skateboards pass by in the street as a black dog on a red leash stops in a doorway and squats down on the sidewalk .
crowd waiting on main street subway platform for a train .
four women are on stage singing .
two men drink beer at the bar in a restaurant .
two women in white lab coats examine a dyed area on a cluster of cells using a projector .
two rows of dance students are practicing ballet moves against a pole in a studio .
white and black dog jumping over red-haired dog in grass .
a smiling child wearing a hat and sunglasses sits in a car .
a naked woman kneels on the rocks of a shallow stream .
a woman is using a ruler at a desk to mark a sheet of paper .
two dogs are catching blue frisbees in grass .
a man is singing at a concert .
three young women and one young man singing in an auditorium .
a group of men in golden shirts singing in front of a microphone .
"a man wearing jeans , polo shirt and a baseball cap , fork in hand , is grilling meat outside in a fenced yard ."
vendors sell products at a farmers market .
people examine books in a library .
a woman sits on a shoe store 's bench while putting a shoe onto her right foot .
"several people in the mid-ground sit on a bench along the side of a white building , while three people stand in a courtyard in front of the building ."
two girls are in a sack race .
an orchestra of about <number> people are practicing on the stage of what appears to be an auditorium full of green chairs .
the man in the red shirt and flowery tie is sitting on a bus by the window .
muzzled greyhounds are racing on the track .
little girl skis on slope .
"two girls , both dressed in pink , swinging on sunlight day with the nearby trees casting random shadows on the remainder of the park like setting ."
"in a restaurant , a teenager drinks directly out of the metal milkshake serving cup ."
a man is enjoying meal and drink inside a restaurant .
a man drives a truck while a child sits on his lap and steers .
an asian man sells a hot confection from his stand in a crowded market .
a man singing in a very colorful environment .
people are rowing a boat in the water .
a man sleeps while listening to his ipod in the back of a vehicle .
a greyhound races on the dirt .
a man and a woman are examining produce at a market .
a man in a yellow jacket is skiing in the snow .
a man driving a small golf cart down a street with a crowd watching him on either side of the street .
group of women doing a presentation off an easel .
two dogs are nose to nose while a third dog stands next to them .
man with gray hair wearing a suit is waiting in a subway tunnel .
two men on motorcycles are driving down an empty street .
a runner in black is passing an outdoor florist shop .
"a crowd waits outside a subway train , ready to board ."
brown dog catches a pink ball in the park .
two people on the subway are sleeping in the corner .
two guys are rowing a canoe on a lake .
"a man driving a small , open vehicle with a green sign on the back of it in traffic ."
three women and a man are drinking beer at a table .
a man wearing yellow swimming trunks kneeling by the ocean
a man with red pants is skiing downhill .
a spotted dog catching a ball on a snowy field .
a chef speaks into a microphone about a mixed salad contained in a bowl with a decorative lid .
a woman is laying down on a sofa laughing .
three women speak to each other in a room with tan walls .
stage dancers practicing their dance routines .
two furry light brown dogs lying on a hardwood floor .
a dog wearing a t-shirt is lying down .
a man is giving a presentation in front of three people .
all these people are enjoying a basement dance party .
a young boy wearing a dark blue hat sleeps on a bench at a terminal .
an old woman is selling produce at a farmer 's market .
"a ruddy infant lies on a patterned sheet with his eyes closed , his mouth open , and his arm extended ."
a man in a white shirt uses a blackboard as others sit at a table watching .
a man rowing in the front of a canoe in a large body of water .
a korean woman is enjoying a meal in a restaurant .
a man grilling meat on an outdoor grilling pit .
two girls and three boys are presenting in front of a dry erase board .
asian students are examining sheets of paper while standing in line .
a man in a dark shirt is making a presentation in front of a group .
four people in black shirts giving a presentation to a room full of people using a big projector image on the wall .
two women in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant .
a boy and girl child swing together on a swing set .
an older man and women are using computers in a sort of storage room .
three girls or friends having drinks at a bar laughing .
a well dressed young woman waits on a bench for the train while a man busy writing something waits nearby .
buff african american man waits for subway at wall street station .
a man in a suit and tie in a fancy building is speaking at the podium .
"people swing on a red , metal amusement park ride in front of some trees ."
a man is using his computer while seated at a desk .
a man and woman enjoying dinner at a party .
a group of people lie close together on a hardwood floor .
"an impoverished person , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes , is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested body of water ."
a woman with a peace symbol on her shirt grills vegetables
a man grilling three pieces of salmon outside .
